Do you think I'm your match now?
I'll tell you what.
I have called the police.
Now my grandfather's evidence is irrelevant
Just those recordings of what you just said
I'll tell you what.
Yes, yes!
Go outside and hand it over
There are my people outside
Kill him
Go, go!
I can see that you are really motivated to do evil things.
When the police come, you can explain it to the police yourself.
By the time the police arrive, it will be too late
It's because I'm your father
You also know that you are my father, you don't deserve it
Doctor Ye, what's the matter with me helping him?
In fact, when I came out just now
It's already raining in the air ahead of time
only
I sprayed the championship for both of us in advance
Their lives are not in danger
Awaiting the severe punishment of the law
Peerless
What's taking so long?
Are you okay? I'm okay.
I saw Wada Ba